1657389 Add descriptions for SEO (series of related PRs) (#19571)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/objects.md

---
title: "Objects - C# Programming Guide"

> description: C# uses a class or struct definition to create an object. In an object-oriented language such as C#, a program consists of objects interacting dynamically.

Reviewer: Definitions don't create an object:

```suggestion
description: C# uses a class or struct definition to define types of objects. In an object-oriented language such as C#, a program consists of objects interacting dynamically.
```
